TOPWAY RENDER MEMORY FIX - OCTOBER 5, 2026 - BUILD 2026.10.05.1

WHAT THIS FIXES

- Stops every student start/submit from serializing the entire exam database.
- Moves embedded PDF/base64 question images into deduplicated media storage.
- Prevents a student from creating a second report for the same exam.
- Keeps intentional retakes possible: an administrator can delete the earlier
  report, then the student can start that exam again.
- Limits JSON requests to 16 MB by default so one request cannot consume the
  server heap unexpectedly.
- Adds RSS, heap, and external-memory numbers to /api/health.

VERIFIED LOAD

The packaged build was tested with both a 50-question ELA exam and a separate
50-question Math exam open under the same code while 75 students loaded, started,
and submitted across the two sections simultaneously. All 75 attempts and all
75 submissions were saved exactly once.

SAFE REDEPLOY

1. In Admin > Tools, download a Full Backup before changing the deployment.
2. Open the supplied deployment folder and upload its CONTENTS to the root of
   the existing GitHub repository. Do not upload the ZIP or an extra folder.
3. Keep the existing Render environment variables:
   TOPWAY_ADMIN_PASSWORD
   DATABASE_URL
4. Recommended: set TOPWAY_DB_POOL_MAX=3.
5. Keep one Render instance and WEB_CONCURRENCY=1.
6. Use Build Command: npm install
7. Use Start Command: npm start
8. Set Health Check Path: /api/health
9. Redeploy the existing Render Web Service.

VERIFY

Open:
https://master-prep-testing.onrender.com/api/health

Confirm:
- "status":"ok"
- "build":"2026.10.05.1"
- "databaseConfigured":true
- memoryMb is present

Then open Admin and verify an exam and a saved report. Existing database data is
not deleted by this deployment. Existing duplicate reports are also preserved;
review and delete only the ones you confirm are unwanted.

FIRST START AFTER DEPLOY

The server creates a media_assets table and converts existing embedded question
images to small /api/media/... links. This is automatic. The site may take a
little longer to warm the first time if many images need migration. Do not run
several manual redeploys while that first migration is in progress.

IF V8 STILL REPORTS "JAVASCRIPT HEAP OUT OF MEMORY"

After confirming build 2026.10.05.1 is live, you can temporarily add this Render
environment variable on a 2 GB instance:

NODE_OPTIONS = --max-old-space-size=1400

Do not set it close to the full 2 GB because Node also needs non-heap memory.
Capture the full log lines immediately above the next exit 134 and check the
memoryMb values at /api/health.

ABOUT MULTIPLE SUBMISSIONS

New duplicates are blocked by student number (or by the unique student name when
no number is available). A repeated Submit returns the original report. A new
Start is rejected after that exam was submitted. Use unique Student Numbers for
the most reliable matching.
